https://journals.krc.karelia.ru – CA: Petrozavodsk
https://geo.stavregion.ru – CA: Stavropol
https://rcdl2001.krc.karelia.ru – CA: Petrozavodsk
https://rar.gov.ru – CA: UserGate
https://100school.e-dag.ru – CA: Yekaterinburg
https://pnc-dz.zdrav-nnov.ru – CA: XX
https://ddt.aptrg.gov.spb.ru – CA: Saint Petersburg
https://liskovo-crb.zdrav-nnov.ru – CA: XX
https://kazach.rkursk.ru – CA: No-Sni
https://dl.krc.karelia.ru – CA: Petrozavodsk
https://mutsalaul.e-dag.ru – CA: Yekaterinburg
https://ksrd.ru – CA: XX
https://zagschr.ru – CA: Saint Petersburg
https://kolpakovskiy.rkursk.ru – CA: No-Sni
https://fcpkultura.ru – CA: Kaliningrad
https://crr.samregion.ru – CA: SAMARA
https://gp31.zdrav-nnov.ru – CA: XX
https://dzer-pnd.zdrav-nnov.ru – CA: XX
https://dgb42.zdrav-nnov.ru – CA: XX
https://martinovskiy.rkursk.ru – CA: No-Sni
https://gkb34.zdrav-nnov.ru – CA: XX
https://infrfaip.economy.gov.ru – CA: Moscow
https://predvo.ru – CA: Internet Widgits Pty Ltd
https://gp31.zdrav-nnov.ru – CA: XX
https://filarmonia.pskov.ru – CA: SPb
https://cvmir3.kalin.gov.spb.ru – CA: SPb
https://fort.belgorod-archive.ru – CA: SPb
https://mathem.krc.karelia.ru – CA: Petrozavodsk
https://mail.it.krskstate.ru – CA: KRSK
https://36sport.ru – CA: XX
https://karelia.ru – CA: XX
https://gasur.ru – CA: XX
https://duma39.ru – CA: SPb
https://kaytagrayon.e-dag.ru – CA: Yekaterinburg
https://kspstav.ru – CA: Stavropol
https://kb.gov.spb.ru – CA: kb-CA
https://inform.pskov.ru – CA: ddos-guard
https://ulanok.rkursk.ru – CA: No-Sni
https://guktcbskar.kalin.gov.spb.ru – CA: SPb
https://elibrary.krc.karelia.ru – CA: Petrozavodsk
https://t.sklif.mos.ru – CA: sklif-b-SERVER-DC-CA
https://sh21.voadm.gov.spb.ru – CA: SPb
https://detstvo.gokrk.ru – CA: Kaliningrad
https://tulagid71.ru – CA: TULA
https://economy.krc.karelia.ru – CA: Petrozavodsk
https://ombudsman57.ru – CA: XX
https://mflash.samregion.ru – CA: UserGate
https://suotacis.krc.karelia.ru – CA: Petrozavodsk
https://calcrtk.stavregion.ru – CA: Stavropol
https://vepsian.krc.karelia.ru – CA: Petrozavodsk
https://otchet.minzdravao.ru – CA: Internet Widgits Pty Ltd
https://dgp22.zdrav-nnov.ru – CA: XX
https://terechnoe.e-dag.ru – CA: Yekaterinburg
https://nopnb3.zdrav-nnov.ru – CA: XX
https://ksrd.ru – CA: XX
https://1mayskcrb.zdrav-nnov.ru – CA: XX
https://region.tver.ru – CA: Tver City
https://endirey.e-dag.ru – CA: Yekaterinburg
https://ib23.zdrav-nnov.ru – CA: XX
https://starkovo.rkursk.ru – CA: No-Sni
https://uslugi.pnzreg.ru – CA: ddos-guard
https://rd3.zdrav-nnov.ru – CA: XX
https://inno.gov.spb.ru – CA: XX
https://gkb34.zdrav-nnov.ru – CA: XX
https://gtn39.ru – CA: Internet Widgits Pty Ltd
https://ombudsman57.ru – CA: XX
https://toturbiykala.e-dag.ru – CA: Yekaterinburg
https://okn53.ru – CA: SPb
https://smtp.sklif.mos.ru – CA: sklif-b-SERVER-DC-CA
https://mail.ookn.ru – CA: Moscow
https://gousosh412.peter.gov.spb.ru – CA: Saint Petersburg
https://gkh.test.dvinaland.ru – CA: Kaliningrad
https://volga-clinic.zdrav-nnov.ru – CA: XX
https://mckbr.e-dag.ru – CA: Yekaterinburg
https://dolschiki.admhmao.ru – CA: Kaliningrad
https://dagminobr.e-dag.ru – CA: Yekaterinburg
https://school466.kurort.gov.spb.ru – CA: SPb
https://blynk.gshra.ru – CA: XX
https://sv.stavminobr.ru – CA: Stavropol
https://fso.karelia.ru – CA: SPb
https://eparhia.karelia.ru – CA: XX
https://rst.e-dag.ru – CA: Yekaterinburg
https://nongvv.zdrav-nnov.ru – CA: XX
https://old.gosmonitor.ru – CA: Moscow
https://guzgp76om.kalin.gov.spb.ru – CA: Saint Petersburg
https://geobotany.krc.karelia.ru – CA: Petrozavodsk
https://budget.bryanskoblfin.ru – CA: Finance Dept
https://feed.stavregion.ru – CA: Stavropol
https://dzer-pnd.zdrav-nnov.ru – CA: XX
https://msudro.ru – CA: Rostov-on-Don
https://dagtourism.e-dag.ru – CA: Yekaterinburg
https://ib9.zdrav-nnov.ru – CA: XX
https://ioasaf.belgorod-archive.ru – CA: SPb
https://www1.zsnso.ru – CA: UserGate
https://gb37.zdrav-nnov.ru – CA: XX
https://detpoliklinik68.krgv.gov.spb.ru – CA: Saint Petersburg
https://cas.govrb.ru – CA: SUB.CA.GOVRB.RU
https://transactions.krc.karelia.ru – CA: Petrozavodsk
https://msh.e-dag.ru – CA: Yekaterinburg
https://malloknya.rkursk.ru – CA: No-Sni
https://test.test.dvinaland.ru – CA: Kaliningrad
https://USLUGI.pnzreg.ru – CA: ddos-guard
https://ashagastal.e-dag.ru – CA: Yekaterinburg
https://vetluga-crb.zdrav-nnov.ru – CA: XX
https://car.pskov.ru – CA: Oldestatehotel
https://it.kreml.nnov.ru – CA: N.Novgorod
https://info.krc.karelia.ru – CA: Petrozavodsk
https://pgu.pnzreg.ru – CA: ddos-guard
https://urichs.ru – CA: Internet Widgits Pty Ltd
https://rgu33.avo.ru – CA: Vladimir
https://tarif26.ru – CA: Stavropol
https://vorobja.rkursk.ru – CA: No-Sni
https://komrelig.e-dag.ru – CA: Yekaterinburg
https://portal.mingkhsk.ru – CA: XX
https://uslugi.pnzreg.ru – CA: ddos-guard
https://gp30.zdrav-nnov.ru – CA: XX
https://prokuror.chukotka.ru – CA: Plesk
https://map.stavinvest.ru – CA: Stavropol
https://deti.khv.ru – CA: XX
https://pilna-crb.zdrav-nnov.ru – CA: XX
https://dgp48.zdrav-nnov.ru – CA: XX
https://v.sklif.mos.ru – CA: sklif-b-SERVER-DC-CA
https://babaurt.e-dag.ru – CA: Yekaterinburg
https://plotavss.rkursk.ru – CA: No-Sni
https://ig.krc.karelia.ru – CA: Petrozavodsk
https://sud-med.zdrav-nnov.ru – CA: XX
https://kspstav.ru – CA: Stavropol
https://stat50120.mkstat.ru – CA: Moscow
https://deti.khv.ru – CA: XX
https://cn.welcome2penza.ru – CA: Plesk
https://mihaylovka.rkursk.ru – CA: No-Sni
https://otchet.minzdravao.ru – CA: Internet Widgits Pty Ltd
https://dev.regul.test.dvinaland.ru – CA: Kaliningrad
https://inform.pskov.ru – CA: ddos-guard
https://goug343nr.tunev.gov.spb.ru – CA: SPb
https://dsbrobl.ru – CA: SPb
https://spec.msudro.ru – CA: Rostov-on-Don
https://forestry.krc.karelia.ru – CA: Petrozavodsk
https://muetacis.krc.karelia.ru – CA: Petrozavodsk
https://gb4.zdrav-nnov.ru – CA: XX
https://voznesensk-crb.zdrav-nnov.ru – CA: XX
https://dagvetkom.ru – CA: Yekaterinburg
https://mx1.zsnso.ru – CA: UserGate
https://philipovo.rkursk.ru – CA: No-Sni
https://zaolesh.rkursk.ru – CA: No-Sni
https://dsbrobl.ru – CA: SPb
https://forum.fin.tambov.gov.ru – CA: UserGate
https://cluster.krc.karelia.ru – CA: Petrozavodsk
https://nokptd.zdrav-nnov.ru – CA: XX
https://site1.test.dvinaland.ru – CA: Kaliningrad
https://navashino-crb.zdrav-nnov.ru – CA: XX
https://dagavtodor.e-dag.ru – CA: Yekaterinburg
https://nikolskiy.rkursk.ru – CA: No-Sni
https://mx.all.culture.ru – CA: mx.all.culture.ru
https://old.stavinvest.ru – CA: Stavropol
https://duma39.ru – CA: SPb
https://borkovskiy.rkursk.ru – CA: No-Sni
https://novoivanovka.rkursk.ru – CA: No-Sni
https://rrc.samregion.ru – CA: SAMARA
https://biz.stavinvest.ru – CA: Stavropol
https://nokvd.zdrav-nnov.ru – CA: XX
https://predvo.ru – CA: Internet Widgits Pty Ltd
https://archive.orenburg-gov.ru – CA: Moscow
https://karamahi.e-dag.ru – CA: Yekaterinburg
https://region.tver.ru – CA: Tver City
https://guevskiy.rkursk.ru – CA: No-Sni
https://zdrav-novgorod.ru – CA: XX
https://vtorres.samregion.ru – CA: SAMARA
https://piccana.karelia.ru – CA: Karelia
https://lipetskprom.ru – CA: Internet Widgits Pty Ltd
https://mokostek.e-dag.ru – CA: Yekaterinburg
https://kspcharoda.e-dag.ru – CA: Yekaterinburg
https://economy.midural.ru – CA: Moscow
https://imap.sklif.mos.ru – CA: sklif-b-SERVER-DC-CA
https://mgs.gost.ru – CA: Moscow
https://stokehold.test.dvinaland.ru – CA: Kaliningrad
https://bag.test.dvinaland.ru – CA: Kaliningrad
https://dgp18.zdrav-nnov.ru – CA: XX
https://rar.gov.ru – CA: UserGate
https://biochemistry.krc.karelia.ru – CA: Petrozavodsk
https://chernicino.rkursk.ru – CA: No-Sni
https://test.transport.mos.ru – CA: Samara
https://kirovskiy.rkursk.ru – CA: No-Sni
https://2-poniri.rkursk.ru – CA: No-Sni
https://roads.test.dvinaland.ru – CA: Kaliningrad
https://mintransdag.ru – CA: Yekaterinburg
https://illhportal.krc.karelia.ru – CA: Petrozavodsk
https://edu.msudro.ru – CA: Rostov-on-Don
https://dorogisk.ru – CA: Stavropol
https://1-poniri.rkursk.ru – CA: No-Sni
https://portal.stavinvest.ru – CA: Stavropol
https://ib.krc.karelia.ru – CA: Petrozavodsk
https://resources.krc.karelia.ru – CA: Petrozavodsk
https://gp7.zdrav-nnov.ru – CA: XX
https://test2.test.dvinaland.ru – CA: Kaliningrad
https://kiseliha-gvv.zdrav-nnov.ru – CA: XX
https://gousosh347uiayanr.tunev.gov.spb.ru – CA: Saint Petersburg
https://maraga.e-dag.ru – CA: Yekaterinburg
https://dib8.zdrav-nnov.ru – CA: XX
https://gkh.mingkhsk.ru – CA: Stavropol
https://pgu.pnzreg.ru – CA: ddos-guard
https://shatki-crb.zdrav-nnov.ru – CA: XX
https://zamostyanskiy.rkursk.ru – CA: No-Sni
https://budget.bryanskoblfin.ru – CA: Finance Dept
https://gp21.zdrav-nnov.ru – CA: XX
https://gk5.zdrav-nnov.ru – CA: XX
https://gji.e-dag.ru – CA: Yekaterinburg
https://oknskn.ru – CA: Stavropol
https://dgp32.zdrav-nnov.ru – CA: XX
https://gkb10.zdrav-nnov.ru – CA: XX
https://dzer-gb6.zdrav-nnov.ru – CA: XX
https://ipbk.belgorod-archive.ru – CA: SPb
https://domd.e-dag.ru – CA: Yekaterinburg
https://dorogisk.ru – CA: Stavropol
https://kovernino-crb.zdrav-nnov.ru – CA: XX
https://tulagid71.ru – CA: TULA
https://plehovo.rkursk.ru – CA: No-Sni
https://gagino-crb.zdrav-nnov.ru – CA: XX
https://tarif26.ru – CA: Stavropol
https://sh382.krsl.gov.spb.ru – CA: SPb
https://ns2.pskov.ru – CA: Pskov
https://water.krc.karelia.ru – CA: Petrozavodsk
https://rgis.stavregion.ru – CA: Stavropol
https://irfaip.economy.gov.ru – CA: Moscow
https://agro-ul.ru – CA: SPb
https://minzdrav.e-dag.ru – CA: Yekaterinburg
https://lukoyanov-crb.zdrav-nnov.ru – CA: XX
https://astafiev.permkrai.ru – CA: IT-Group Certificate Authority
https://pop.sklif.mos.ru – CA: sklif-b-SERVER-DC-CA
https://arhdeti.test.dvinaland.ru – CA: Kaliningrad
https://halimbekaul.e-dag.ru – CA: Yekaterinburg
https://tarif29.test.dvinaland.ru – CA: Kaliningrad
https://school466.kurort.gov.spb.ru – CA: SPb
https://pogrebskoy.rkursk.ru – CA: No-Sni
https://dvinainvest2.test.dvinaland.ru – CA: Kaliningrad
https://en.welcome2penza.ru – CA: Plesk
https://tc.sklif.mos.ru – CA: sklif-b-SERVER-DC-CA
https://old.zsnso.ru – CA: UserGate
https://ladoga.krc.karelia.ru – CA: Petrozavodsk
https://dzer-gvv.zdrav-nnov.ru – CA: XX
https://fcpkultura.ru – CA: Kaliningrad
https://volodarsk-crb.zdrav-nnov.ru – CA: XX
